When I searched, my ICIC LBD came up here.
In today's video, I will
tell you how to make an insurance claim. So,
hello friends, welcome back to my new
video. In the previous video, you must have seen that I have
sent my Ola S1X to the service centre because its
entire wiring has been damaged by rats,
meaning they have
cut the entire wiring. So, I left my vehicle there, that is, at the
service centre, which I had
towed and sent to it. Our
insurance company, ICIC LBD
Company, which has its own insurance plan, had
sent a tow vehicle here.
From there, I towed my vehicle and
sent it to the service centre.  So friends,
in today's video I will tell you
how is the process of making an insurance claim.
How do you mean app?  So
let me tell you all those things today by
installing that app.  So come friends, you
can see here that
I have shared the phone screen here
and you do not have to do anything to download the app.  If you have
Play Store or App Store in your phone, you have to go to
it and here
you have to normally search
IC ICIC LBD Insurance, which is the company whose
insurance I have, ICIC LBD company.
So you can see that when I
searched here, our
ICIC LBD IL Tech Care came up here, meaning ICIC LB Tech
Care Insurance App is our app.  In this, I will
also tell you how to manage your policy, that is, here
you can tell me in what steps you can
claim your insurance, you can
claim the race.  All the details are given here.  You
can get information here also.
But here I will tell you in full detail
how to make your insurance
claim and check the status of your claim.
So friends, you can see that our app
is here.  It is asking for an update.  But
I am not updating it right now.  I have already downloaded it.  You
can see here is the Il
Tech Care app.  I will open it here and
tell you.  You can see I have
just opened the app here.   The
I Take Care app is here.  If you open this, you
can see here that hello, the
name of the vehicle will be told and here the
vehicle means Ola S1X 3
variant and when will your policy expire,
it tells everything here that my
vehicle will expire next month, the
policy of TVS and here you
can do insurance of other vehicles also etc.   You
can check yours through this app only by
entering the number, the number is here.  It can be done easily by entering the number.
Friends, you do
not have to do anything to make an insurance claim.  You
can see here that you have to
come to Manage Your Claims.  Have to go to race claim.  Have to go to
Report and Claim.  Like
I show you guys, claim the report and
come to the report claim.  Your type will ask for
an accident or the car has been stolen.  So
my car had an accident.  So here you have to
enter the information, normally
whatever information is asked of you, you have to
tell here that at what time did the accident happen,
when did the accident happen and I mean what is the
age of the driver, how much
experience does the driver have in driving, it
asks for all this information, so you have to fill this information
in this app, here it will
ask you for details in four steps, that is,
which parts of the vehicle you have to get
changed and what is its scene, so you
can see, you can do it here.   You
can check here, you can register
your claim, whatever it means, I just registered my
insurance claim yesterday, that is, the wiring
of my car was cut, so I have registered the claim for that here,
which I will
tell you further how you can do, you
can check whether the insurance has been approved
or not.  So I will
tell you that also later.  Right now you can see here
that if you press loss here and then
press OK submit, then you can see here that
your submit option has come.  So here you
can see that I pressed submit, it means I am
not deducting much right now, otherwise it will get
returned and if you
come to such claim status then where will you come to stolen and my accident related claim,
this is my
old one, it was paid and closed,
its estimate was around ₹1500, so the
insurance company had paid it and
I had to pay ₹5500 as file charge and the one that I
submitted yesterday is this one, in this
also it is showing itself as under process,
today is Saturday and tomorrow is Sunday, so
today and tomorrow will be a holiday.  Rest, on
Monday, you will get your
insurance done here because you can see here that
reclaiming does not mean any big
problem, here insurance means making a
claim, so you can do it here.  It is
not a big deal, our ICI Slo app
IL Take Care Insurance app will be
available in the App Store and also in the Play Store,
so you can download it there.
Your download will be done easily and if you
search for ICIC LBD Insurance, it will appear at the
top.  You can see this.